Add Rawbbit to Data Ingestion (#301)
igorbarinov/awesome-data-engineering: README.md

- [crdt-merge](https://github.com/mgillr/crdt-merge) - Conflict-free merge for DataFrames, JSON, ML models & distributed agents — powered by CRDTs.
- [LinkedIn Jobs Scraper](https://apify.com/cryptosignals/linkedin-jobs-scraper) - Crawlee-based actor extracting structured LinkedIn job listings at scale without API keys.
- [CARQ](https://github.com/whispering3/CARQ) - Context-Aware RAG Processing Queue for high availability and adaptive rate-limiting.

> - [Rawbbit](https://rawbbit.one/) - Open-source self-hosted analytics pipeline that lands raw events as Parquet in your own object storage. Uses NATS JetStream for durable buffering and BigQuery external tables for querying. Designed for teams that want to own their raw event data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Rawbbit](https://github.com/mirlan-irokez/rawbbit) - Open-source self-hosted analytics pipeline that lands raw events as Parquet in your own object storage. Uses NATS JetStream for durable buffering and BigQuery external tables for querying. Designed for teams that want to own their raw event data.
```
